Add RNs for 0.1 version (#206)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/0.1.0.md

> We are pleased to present the preliminary version of the Istio module. This release is primarily meant for internal testing purposes. The official release is expected to be available in about one week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are pleased to present the preliminary version of the Istio module. This release is primarily meant for internal testing purposes. Expect the official release in about one week.
```
